after the worst violence in the occupied
West Bank in weeks a us plan to sanction
one Israeli Battalion based on State
Department findings months old for
crimes now years old palestine's foreign
Ministry says the Americans are not
serious about holding Israel to account
sanctions always are welcome but this
should not be an attempt to whitewash
the Israeli Army all the Israel army and
the Israeli government are committing
war crimes the crimes against the
humanity and the crime of genocide in in
Palestine and this should not be a white
voice for the Israeli Army we believe
that if the Americans are are serious
they should stop the complicity in the
genocide in Gaza the unit in questioned
the NSA Yehuda Battalion a thousand
Ultra Orthodox soldiers they have
limited interaction with female troops
are allowed more time to pray and
continue religious studies in keeping
with conservative
beliefs linked to incidents of torture
and abuse in the occupied West Bank most
notably in 2020 2 when 80-year-old
Palestinian American Omar Assad died in
custody he was detained handcuffed
blindfolded and abandoned in near
freezing conditions the netsa Yehuda
were relocated to the golen heights
later that year and are currently in
Gaza even if the unit is disbanded
Israel's national security minister has
said he will absorb the soldiers into
the ranks of the
police but 25 other battalions will
remain deployed across the occupied West
Bank
this week Israeli forces subjected
Palestinians in the tolam refugee camp
to levels of Destruction not seen since
the second and the 20 years ago while
Israel's government is furious that its
biggest benefactor would sanction its
military for Palestinians here it is
political
theater the Americans are lying I say to
Biden and the Americans enough with this
satire you talk about democracy and
human rights while human rights are
violated using US money and
it's nonsense if the US wanted to
sanction them they wouldn't have planted
them like weeds Among Us US President
Joe Biden's commitment to one side of
this conflict remains clear despite
numerous reports of human rights
violations since the war on Gaza began
his administration has expanded Israel's
weapon stockpile and just days ago
vetoed a Palestinian bid for recognition
as a full member State at the UN the
best case scenario this could set a
legal precedent in theory it could mean
that is will no longer be immune to
violating international law the Israeli
military's Behavior might even change
but the more likely scenario this is
damage control it is messaging by a
white house with diminishing popularity
ahead of a presidential election Zan
basravi Al jazer ramala the occupied
West Bank
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer